Passage rewriting
1. Our neighbor is Captain Charles Alison. He will sail from Portsmouth. The time is tomorrow. We'll meet him. The place is at the harbor. We will do that early in the morning. He will be in his boat. It is small. It is called Topsail.  Topsail is a famous little boat. It has sailed across the Atlantic many times. Captain Alison will set out. He will do that at eight o'clock. We'll have plenty of time. We'll see his boat, then we'll say goodbye to him. He will be away for two months. We  are very proud of him. He will take part in an race. The race is important. It is across the Atlantic.
2..We have an old musical instrument. It is called a clavichord. It was made inGermany. It was made in 1681. We keep our clavichord in the living roo m. Our family has it for a long time. My grandfather bought the instrument many years ago. Recently a visitor damaged it. She tried to play jazz on it! She struck the keys too hard. She broke two of the strings. My father was shocked. Now he does not allow  us to touch it. A friend of my father's is repairing it now.

3. My daughter is called Jane. She never dreamed of receiving a letter. The letter was from a girl. She is of her own age. She lives in Holland. Last year, we were traveling across the Channel.  Jane wrote her name and address on a piece of paper. She put it into a bottle. She threw the bottle into the sea. She never thought of it again. Ten months later, she received a letter. It came from a girl. She was in Holland. Both girls write to each oth er regularly now. They have decided to use the post office. Letters will cost a little more. Letters will certainly travel faster.
4.I had an experience last year. It was amusing. I had left a small village. It was in the south of France. I drove on to  the next town. On the way, a young man waved to me. I stopped. He asked me for a lift. He had got into the car. I said good morning to him. I used French. He replied. He used French too. I only know a few words. I do not know any French at all. He and I d id not speak during the journey. I had nearly reached the town. The young man suddenly said,”do you speak English?” His speaking was vely slow. I soon learnt, He was English himself.




5. Aeroplanes are slowly driving me mad. I live near an airport. I c an hear the passing planes night and day. They built airport years ago. For some reason they could not use it then. Last year, they used it later. The noise must drive people away. Over a hundred of them have left from their homes. Few people did not move.  I am one of them. A passing plane will knock down this house. Sometimes I think so. They offered a large sum of money to me. They wanted me to go away. I am determined to stay here. I must be mad. Everybody says so. They are probably right.
6.I had lu nch at a village pub. After that I looked for my bag. I had left it on a chair. The chair was beside the door. Now it wasn't there! I looked for it. The landlord came in.
He asked 'Did you have a good meal?".
I answered 'Yes, thank you. I can't pay the bil l. I haven't got my bag.'
The landlord smiled. He immediately went out. In a few minutes he returned. He had my bag in his hand. He gave  it back to me. He said 'I'm very sorry. My dog had taken in into the garden. He often does this!

7. Fishing is my favorite sport. I often fish for hours. I don’t catch anything. I don’t worry about this. Some fishermen are unlucky. They don’t catching fis h, they catch old boots. They catch rubbish. I am even less lucky. I never catch anything. I do not even catch old boots. I have spent whole mornings on the river, I always go home. I always have an empty bag. My friends say ‘you must give up fishing!’ ‘It ’s a waste of time.’ They don’t realize one important thing. I’m not really interested in fishing. I am interested in sitting in a boat, I am interested in doing nothing at all!
8. Jimmy Gates was a circus owner. Last Christmas, he decided to take some  gifts. He went to a children’s hospital. He was dressed up as Father Christmas. Six pretty girls accompanied him. Then, he set off. He rode a baby elephant. He went down the main street of the city. The elephant was called Jumbo. The police would not allow  him to do this. He should know that. A policeman came over. He told Jimmy. He should go along a side street. Jumbo was holding up the traffic. Jimmy agreed to go at once. Jumbo would not like to go. Fifteen policemen pushed hard. They wanted to move him a way from the main street. The police had a difficult time. They felt interesting. A policeman afterwards said, “Jumbo must be a few tons. It was lucky that we needn’t carry him. Certainly, we should arrest him. He has a good record. We shall forgive him th is time.”


9. In Japan, people hold a festival for the Dead. They have it one time each year. It is a cheerful occasion. On this day, people say the dead will return back to his home. The living welcomes them. They take a long journ ey, people expect they are hungry. They lie out food for them. People make special lanterns. People hang these lanterns outside each house, they do this help the dead find their way. People dance and sing a whole night. On the early morning, people throw t he food into the river and into the sea, these food is they laid out for the dead. People think these food is unluck for any living one eat. In those near the sea towns, after the festive is over, people place the tiny lanterns into the water, these lanter ns are they hanged in the streets the before night. Thousands lanterns slow drift out to sea, they guide the dead on their return journey to the other world. This is a moving spectacle. Crowds of people stand on the shore, they watch the lanterns drift awa y, at last they can be seen no more.


10. The Great St. Bernard Pass connects Switzerland to Italy. It is 2,473 meters high. it is the highest mountain pass in Europe. The monastery of St. Bernard is famous. People set it up in eleventh century. It  lies about a mile away. For hundreds of years, St. Bernard dogs have saved the lives of travelers. These travelers were crossing the Pass. The Pass was dangerous. These dogs were friendly. People first brought them from Asia. People used them as watchdogs . They did so even in Roman times. They built a tunnel. It was through the mountains. The Pass is less dangerous. Each year, people still sent the dogs out into the snow. At any time a traveler is in difficulty. There is the new tunnel. There are still a f ew people. They attempt to cross the Pass. They rashly did so. They are on foot.
The monastery is very busy during the summer months. Thousands of people visit it. They cross the Pass in cars. There are so many people about. They have to keep the dogs in a  enclosure. the enclosure is special. In winter, life is quite different. The life is at the monastery. The temperature drops to −30 ° . There are very few people. They attempt to cross the Pass. The monks like summer. The monks are more like winter. They ha ve more privacy. The dogs have greater freedom. People allowed them to wander outside their enclosure. Parties of skiers are the only visitors. They visit the monastery regularly. They do so in winter. They go there at Christmas. They go there at Easter. T hey are young people. They love the peace of mountains. The monks always give them a warm welcome at St. Bernard's monastery.


11. Mary and her husband Dimitri lived in small village. It was in the south of Greece, it named Parachora. One of Mary’s most p recious possessions was a white lamb. It was her husband to give her. During the day, Mary tied the lamb to a tree in the field. Every night she pulled it back. However, one evening the lamb was gone. Someone cut the rope. It was clear that someone stole i t. Dimitri came back from the field. His wife told him about it. He went out at once, he wanted to find the man who stole his lamb. He knew it well, in such a small village catching the thief was not difficult at all. He told it to his several friends. He  found his neighbor, Aleko, suddenly had a new lamb. Dimitri went to Aleko’s house immediately. He was angry. He accused him to steal his lamb. He told him had better give it back to him. If not, he would go to call police. Aleko didn’t confess. He led Dimi tri to the yard. It was all right. He had just bought a new lamb. Aleko explained, he said that his lamb was black. Dimitri felt sorry for his boldness. He apologized to Aleko. He said he accused him wrongly. Just when they talked. The sky began to rain. S o Dimitri stayed at Aleko’s house to avoid rain. He waited and waited. The rain stopped. Half an hour later, he came out of the house. He was surprised. He found the whole body of the black lamb almost turned into white. The hair of the lamb was dyed black . Now it was washed out clean by the rain.


12..The Statue of Liberty is one of the most famous monuments in the world. In the nineteenth century, the people of France presented to the United States of America. The statue was great. Auguste Bartholdi desi gned it. He took ten years to complete it. He used copper to make the actual figure. He used a metal framework to support it. The framework was Eiffel especially constructed. They transported it to the United States. Before this, they had to find a site fo r the statue. They had to build a pedestal for it. They chose a site. It was an island. It was at the entrance of New York Harbour. By 1884, they erected a statue in Paris. It was 151 feet tall. In the following year, they took it to pieces. They sent it t o America. By the end of 1886 October, they put the statue together again. Bartholdi officially presented it to the American people. Ever since then, it was a symbol for the millions of people. They passed through New York Harbour. They wanted to make thei r homes in America.


13. The prisoner of war killed the guard. He dragged quickly him into the bushes. He worked rapidly in the darkness. Soon he changed into the dead man’s clothes. Now, the prisoner dressed in a blue uniform. He carried a rifle  over his shoulder. He marched boldly up and down in front of the camp. He could hear shouting in the camp itself. Lights were blazing. Men were running here and there. They had just discovered. A prisoner escaped. At that moment, a large car stopped at the  camp gates. There were four officers inside the car. The officers got out. The prisoner stood to attention. They passed. He saluted. They had gone. The driver of the car came towards him. He was clear wanted to talk. He was rather elderly. He had grey hai r. He had clear blue eyes. The prisoner felt
sorry for him. There was no other thing he could do. The man came near. The prisoner used a sharp blow. He knocked the man to the ground. Then he jumped into the car. He drove off as quickly as he could did.


14.Titanic was a great ship. On April 10th, 1912, it sailed for New York from Southampton. 1,316 passengers and 891 crew were on the ship. It had 46,000 ton. Even by modern standard, it was a huge one. People had built many ships. Titanic was the largest s hip at that time. They thought it unsinkable. She had sixteen watertight compartments. Two of these were filled with water. It could still float. People will always remember the terrible sinking of the great ship. It sank on its first voyage. Life lost hea vily. 
It set out. On the forth day, the Titanic was sailing across the icy waters of the North Atlantic. A lookout suddenly discovered a great iceberg. He gave an alarm immediately. The ship turned sharply. It hoped to avoid colliding with the iceberg fac e to face. It turned in time. It narrowly missed the great wall of ice. The wall was more than 100 feet above the sea. Suddenly, people heard a trembling sound from below. The sound was slight. The captain went down to see the problem. The noise was very l ittle. No one thought the ship had been destroyed. On the bottom of the ship, the captain was horrified to see this. The Titanic was sinking fast. Five of its sixteen watertight compartments had already been filled with water. He gave an order. They wanted  to give up the ship. Many people jumped into the water. The water was icy. Not enough lifeboats for all passengers. 1,500 people died.


15.Not long ago, on the Aegean island of Kea, archaeologists made an interesting discovery. There was a temple in an  ancient city on the promontory of Ayia Irini. An American team explored it. The city must be prosperous for a period of time. It once had a high level of civilization. Houses generally had three storeys high. They were made of stone. Rooms inside were ver y big. Walls were decorated beautifully. The city even laid out a drainage system. Under the narrow streets, people found a lot of pipes. They were made of earth. The archaeologists explored the temple. People used the temple for prey and worship from the  fifteenth century B.C. to Roman times. In the most holy room of the temple, people found pieces of fifteen statues. They all were made of earth. Each of them stood for a goddess. Once they were painted. Among them there was a statue. People found its body  among the historic relics of the fifteenth century and its head among the relics of the fifth century. Its head must be found in Classic times and they protected it delicately. Even in those days, it was still a very precious thing of long history. Archaeo logists put these broken pieces together again. They were surprised to find. The goddess looked very modern. She had three feet high. Her hands placed on her hips. She wore a long dress. The dress touched the ground. Although she was old, her body was eleg ant indeed. However, up to now archaeologists can not make sure who she was.


Millriver is a tiny village. Someone says it possesses a tree. The tree is cursed. Someone mentioned the tree in a newspaper. People visit Millriver. The number has now increase d. The tree near a church. Someone planted it fifty years ago. It is only in recent years. It has gained an evil reputation. People say that anyone touches the tree will have bad luck, picks a leaf will die. The tree has already claimed a number of victims . Many villagers believe. They has been asked the vicar to ask others cut down the tree. Up to now he has refused. He has pointed out. The tree is a useful source. People can get income from it. Tourists have been coming to see it. They are from all parts  of the country. People all said that. The tourists have been picking leaves and cutting their names on the tree-trunk. Up to now, there are no men has been struck down by sudden death!
答案：
The tiny village of Frinley is said to possess a 'cursed tree'. Bec ause the tree was mentioned in a newspaper, the number of visitors to Frinley has now increased. The tree was planted near the church fifty years ago, but it is only in recent years  that it has  gained an evil reputation. It is said that if anyone touches t he tree, he will have bad luck; if he picks a leaf, he will die. Many villagers believe that the tree has already claimed a number of victims. The vicar has been asked to  have the tree cut down ,  but so far  he has refused. He has pointed out that the tree i s a useful source of income, as tourists have been coming from all parts of the country to see it.  In spite of all that has been said , the tourists have been picking leaves and cutting their names on the tree-trunk.  So far,  not one of them has been struck  down by sudden death!


答案 ：
1.  Our neighbor ,  Captain Charles Alison ,  will sail from Portsmouth tomorrow.   We'll meet him at the harbor   early in the morning. He will be in his   boat ,  Topsail. Topsail is a famous little boat  since  It has sailed across the  Atlantic   many times. Captain Alison will set out   at eight o'clock  so  We'll have plenty of time  to  see   his boat  and  then we'll say goodbye to him. He will be away for two months  to  take part in an important   race   across the Atlantic. We are very   proud of  him.
2.  We have an old musical instrument called clavichord. It was made in Germany in 1681. It was kept in the living room. It belongs to our family for a long time. The instrument was bought by my grandfather many years ago. Recently it was damaged by a  visitor who tried to play jazz on it. She struck the keys so hard that broke two of the strings.   My father was so shocked that now he does not allow us to touch it. It is being repaired by a friend of my father's now.
3.  My daughter Jane ,  never dreamed o f receiving a letter   from   a girl   of her own age   in Holland. Last year,  when  we were traveling across the   Channel .  Jane threw into the sea a bottle into  which she put a piece of paper   with  her name and address on  it . She never thought of it again. Ten month s later, she received a   letter from a girl   in Holland. Both girls write to each other regularly now  but t hey have decided to use the post office. Letters will cost a little more  but ther  will   certainly travel faster .
4. I had an amusing  experience  last ye ar. After I had left a small village in the south of France, I drove on to the next town. On the way, a young man waved to me for a lift and I stopped. As soon as he had got into the car, I said good morning to him in French, he replied in the same languag e. Apart from a few words, I do not know any French at all. Neither of us speak during the journey. When I had nearly reached the town, The young man said slowly with a sudden, ”  do you speak English? ”  I soon learnt that he was English himself.
5.  Aeroplan es are slowly driving me mad. I live near an airport  and  the passing   planes  can be heard  night and day. The airport  was built  years ago , but   f or some reason  it  could not  be  use   then. Last year,  it came into  use. Over a hundred of  people must  have  been driv en away  from their homes  by the noise .   I am one of  the few people left .   Sometimes I think   this house  will be knocked down by a  passing   plane .   I was  offered a large sum of   money to   go away , but  I am determined to stay here. Everybody says I must be mad .  They are probably right .
6.  After I had had lunch at a village pub, I looked for my bag, I had left it on a chair beside the door  but  now it wasn't there! When I looked for it, the landlord came in 
'Did you have a good meal?"  he said .
“Yes, thank you.” I  answered   “I can't pay the bill, I haven't got my bag.”
With a  smiled ,   he  immediately went out. In a few minutes he returned with my bag in  his  hand   and  he  gave it back to me. “I'm very sorry.” He said “My dog  had  taken it into the garden.   He often does th is!”
7.  Fishing is my favorite sport. I often fish for hours  without  catch ing  anything.  But this   dose no t worry  me . Some fishermen are unlucky.  Instead of  catching fish, they catch old boots  and  rubbish. I am even less lucky. I never catch anything —— not e ven old boots.  After  I have spent   whole mornings on the river, I always go home  with  an empty bag. “you   must give up fishing!”   My friends say “It’s a waste of time.”   They don’t realize one important thing. I’m not really   interested in fishing. I am interes ted in sitting in a boat  without  doing  any thing at all!
8.  Last Christmas, Jimmy Gates, a circus owner, decided to take some gifts to a children’s hospital.  D ressed up as Father Christmas and accompanied by six pretty girls, he set off down the main  street of the city riding a baby elephant called Jumbo. He should have known that the police would not allow  him to do this . A policeman came over and told  Jimy  he  should  go along a side street as Jumbo was holding up the traffic. Jimmy agreed to go at onc e,  but  Jumbo  would not like to go . Fifteen policemen push ed  hard to  move  him  away from  the main street. The police had  a  difficult time but they felt interesting. "Jumbo must be a few tons," a policeman afterwards  said , “ I t was lucky that we needn’t carry  him. Certainly, we should arrest him . H e has a good record.  W e shall forgive him this time."
9.  In Japan, a festival for the Dead  is held  on c e  a  year. It is a cheerful occasion  as o n this day, the dead  is said to  return to his home  and he is  welcome d by  the living.   After  a long journey,   they are expect ed to be  hungry.  F ood  is laid  out for them.  S pecial ly-made   lanterns  are hung outside each house to help the dead find their way . People dance and sing a whole night  long . On the   early morning, the food  whic h for the dead   was  throw n  into the river and into the sea  as food is thought unluck for any living one eat those towns near the sea, after the festive is over, the tiny  lanterns  that are hung in the streets the night  before  are placed into the water.  Thous ands  of  lanterns slow ly  drift out to sea, guid ing  the dead on their return journey to the other world. This is a moving   spectacle :   c rowds of people stand on the shore, watch ing  the lanterns drift ing  away  until  at last they can be seen no more.
10. C onnect ing  Switzerland to Italy ,  The Great St. Bernard Pass  a t 2473 mete r s, is the highest mountain pass in Europe. The famous monastery of St. Bernard   which was  set up  in eleventh century, lies about a mile away. For hundreds of years, St. Bernard dogs have save d the lives of travelers  who were  crossing the dangerous Pass. These friendly dogs, first brought from Asia, were used as watchdogs even in Roman times.  As a tunnel had been  built through the mountains, the Pass is less dangerous, but each year, the dogs a re still send out into the snow  whenever  a traveler is in difficulty.  In spite of  the new tunnel, there are still a few people rashly attempt to across the Pass on foot.
The monastery is very busy during the summer months. Thousands of people visit it , c ro ss ing  the Pass in cars.  As t here are so many people about ,  the dogs  have to be kept  in a  special  enclosure. The .  In winter, life is quite different at the   monastery.  When t he temperature drops to −30 ° ,   t here are very few people  who  attempt to   cross the Pas s. The monks  prefer winter   to  summer  for they  have more   privacy. 
The dogs have greater freedom  since they are  allowed to wander outside their   enclosure.  The  only  regularly  visitors  are parties of skiers who  the monastery   in winter  and  go there at Christma s  and  at Easter. T here  young   people  who  love the peace of mountains  are  always give a warm welcome   at St. Bernard's monastery  by the monks .
11.  Mary and her husband Dimitri lived in small village ,  Parachora ,  in the south of Greece. One of Mary’s most precious possessions was a white lamb  which  was  given by  her   husband. 
During the day, Mary tied the lamb to a tree in the field  and   e very night   she pulled it back. However, one evening the lamb was gone.  T he  rope   was  cut so it was  clear that  it was  stole.  
When  Dimitri came back from the field ,   h is wife told him  what had happened . He went out at once to find the  thief . He knew  that  in such a small village   catching the thief was not difficult at all.  After   h e t old it to his several  of his  friends ,   h e found his   neighbor, Aleko, suddenly  got  a new lamb.   Dimitri went to Aleko’s house immediately  and  accused   angr ily  him o f  steal ling  his lamb. He told him  he  had better give it back to him.  or  he would go to call poli ce. Aleko didn’t confess. He led Dimitri to the yard. It was  true that   h e had just bought a new lamb. Aleko explained  that  his lamb was black.  S orry for his boldness. Dimitri apologized to Aleko  for  accus ing  him   wrongly. Just when they talked ,  I t  began to  rain. So Dimitri stayed at Aleko’s house  until the  rain  stopped .   Half an hour later, he came out of the   house  and h e was surprised  to  found the black lamb almost turned into   white. The  wool of the lamb which had been  dyed black ,   n ow was washed   clean by  the rain.
12. The Statue of Liberty, one of the most famous monuments in the world ， was presented to the United States of America in the nineteenth century by the people of France. The great statue which was designed by Auguste Bartholdi, took ten years t o  complete. The actual figure was made of copper supported  it  by metal framework which  was  especially constructed by Eiffel. Before it  was  transported to the United States, a site had to be found for  the statue  and a pedestal had to be built. The site chos en was a island at the entrance of New York Harbour. By 1884, a statue which was 151 feet tall  was erected  in Paris. The following year, it was taken  in to pieces and sent to America. By the end of 1886 October, the statue  was  put together again and was off icially presented  it  to the American people by Bartholdi. Ever since then, it  was a  symbol for the millions of people who have passed through New York Harbour to make their homes in America.
13. After killing  the guard ,  The prisoner of war quickly  dragged  him into the bushes.  W ork ing  rapidly in   the darkness ,   s oon he changed into the dead man’s clothes. Now, dressed in a blue   uniform  with  a rifle over his shoulde , the prisone r marched boldly up and down in front of the camp.   He could hear shouting in the ca mp itself. Lights were blazing  and m en were running here and there ; t hey had just discovered  the  prisoner  had  escaped. At that moment, a large car  with  four officers inside  it  stopped at the camp   gates.  When t he officers got out ,   t he prisoner stood to atte ntion  and  saluted  when they passed .  After t hey had gone ,   t he driver of the car came towards him.  It  was clear  that he  wanted to talk. He was rather elderly  with  grey hair  and  clear blue eyes. The prisoner felt   sorry for him  for t here was no thing   else  he could do. The man came near ,   t he prisoner knocked the man to the ground  by  a sharp   blow. Then jump ing  into the car ,   h e drove off as quickly as   he could .
14.  Titanic, a great ship,   sailed for New York from Southampton  with1316  passengers and 891 crew  o n it  on April 10th, 1912. Even by modern standards, the 46,000 ton Titanic was a huge one. Titanic was  one of  the largest ship that had   been built  at that time and   i t was  thought  unsinkable because  she  had sixteen watertight compartments. Even if two of th ese were f looded , it  c ould still float. The terrible sinking of the great ship will  be  always be remembered for its first voyage with heavy loss of life.
T he forth day  after   i t set out  while  the Titanic was sailing across the icy waters of the North   Atlant ic ,   a  great iceberg  was  suddenly discovered  by  a   lookout.  After  an alarm  was given  immediately ,   t he   ship turned sharply to avoid colliding with the iceberg  divectly . It turned in time ,  narrowly missed the great wall of ice  which  wall was more than 100 feet above the sea.   Suddenly, a  slight  trembling sound  was heard from below.  The captain   went down to see  what had happened .  As the  noise was very little. , n o one thought the ship had been   destroyed. On the bottom of the ship, the c aptain was horrified to see this  taht  The Titanic was   sinking fast  because f ive of its sixteen watertight compartments had already been  flooded .   He gave an order to give up the ship. Many people jumped into the ic e  water  because there were n ot enough lifeb oats for all passengers. 1,500 people died.
15.  Not long ago, on the Aegean island of Kea ,  an interesting discovery was made by archaeologists. An American team explored a temple in an ancient city on the promontory of Ayia Irini. The city must be en  prosp erous for a period of time  for  It once had a high level of civilization. Houses generally ,  three storeys high were  made  of stone.  Rooms inside were very big  with beautifully - decorated walls. The city even laid out a drainage system . because  under the narro w streets ,  a  lot of  cl e y pipes were found. The temple which was explored  by  the archaeologists  was  used  for prey and  worship from the fifteenth century B.C. until Roman times. In the most  holy  room of the temple,  pieces  of fifteen status were found  which w ere made of earth, standing for goddess and once they were painter.  Among them there was a statue.  Its body was found  among the historic relics of the fifteenth century and its head among the relics of the fifth century  in  Classic times and  was p rotected d elicately. Even in those days, it was still a very precious thing of long history.  After a rchaeologists put these broken pieces together again. They were surprised to find  that t he goddess looked very modern. She  was  three feet high  which h er hands on her  hips. She wore a long dress  which  touched the ground. Although she was old, her body was elegant indeed. However, up to now archaeologists can not make sure who she was.
